Assignment name: Assignment 6
TCSS 305 C: Programming Practicum, Winter 2023


Name: Your name
UWNetID: yourNetID 


Assignment Overview:
(Describe your understanding of the purpose and scope of the assignment in 250 words or less. 
The word count is not strict, so don't worry about going slightly over. Do not just copy 
text from the assignment description.)
The scope of this assignment is to work with java swing and OOP from scratch, where to create and
implements GUI and listeners as well as MVC model. It is a good practice for using tools and concept
that are relevant to MVC such as Observer or Singleton.

Technical Impression:
(Describe what you have done to complete the assignment in 200-500 words. 
The word count is not strict, so don't worry about going slightly over; however, 
summaries that do not meet the minimum length requirement or are trivial in nature 
(representing little thought or effort) will not get full credit. You can share your 
personal experiences, things that particularly frustrated you about the assignment, 
things that particularly interested you about the assignment, etc. It is especially 
important that you document any difficulties you had with tools, Java libraries, etc.)

The hardest part of the assignment was the listeners and GUI. I decided not to use observer
due to the fact that I'm not very skilled at it. Using layout and adding panels to the frame
is not difficult, but relocate them so that they can fit nicely in the screen was really challenging.
It seems to me that choosing between existing layouts limits the ability to move things around as
I want. I thought about doing a more attractive visual for the game by switching between layouts
using CardLayouts, but eventually I didn't do it since it takes more time and is a little more
complicated. I was able to set images for the dices when they roll.I also couldn't figure out how to
display the shortcut key on the screen like in Tom's example. The shortcut key works, but it wouldn't
appear on the screen such as "Start    Alt + S". I'm still a little confused about where the listeners
should be, I put them in the view since Tom said that it is allowed, but I will try to put them in the
controller after I turn in this assignment. I also put the win numbers for house and player in the view
though I think that they should be in model instead.


Unresolved problems in my submission:

(Use this space to list problems which you know exist in your submission. This could 
include program features which you did not have time to implement, bugs in your code, 
warnings generated by the tools which you did not understand or did not have time to correct, 
or other issues. I give a reduced grade penalty for problems which I find in your submission 
that are listed here and a larger penalty for those which are not. Just say 'none' if 
there are no issues that you are aware of.) 

Ugly GUI and not able to display shortcut keys on the screen.

Citations and Collaborations:
(Use this space to cite sources of code used in completing this assignment. If you use code 
from Stack Overflow , GitHub, or an other source, link to the page here. If you worked with 
a fellow student or lab mentor, please state the student’s name and discuss the nature of 
your collaboration.)

none

Extra Credit Attempted:
(List any extra credit that you implemented on the assignment.)

dice pictures when roll
Questions:
(Use this space to ask questions that you still have about the assignment, or just say 'none' 
if you have no questions at this time.)

none